[DOCS] Adds a Jupyter notebook link to the outlier detection example (#762)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ecommerce-outliers.asciidoc

{ref}/delete-dfanalytics.html[delete {dfanalytics-job} API]. When
you delete {transforms} and {dfanalytics-jobs}, the destination indices and
{kib} index patterns remain.

> TIP: https://github.com/blaklaybul/examples/tree/8cff86bce1a05d8bcf1239aab8033490b7c76f2d/Machine%20Learning/Outlier%20Detection/Introduction[If you want to see another example of {oldetection} in a Jupyter notebook, click here.]

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: https://github.com/elastic/examples/tree/master/Machine%20Learning/Outlier%20Detection/Introduction[If you want to see another example of {oldetection} in a Jupyter notebook, click here.]
```

{ref}/delete-dfanalytics.html[delete {dfanalytics-job} API]. When
you delete {transforms} and {dfanalytics-jobs}, the destination indices and
{kib} index patterns remain.

> TIP: https://github.com/blaklaybul/examples/tree/8cff86bce1a05d8bcf1239aab8033490b7c76f2d/Machine%20Learning/Outlier%20Detection/Introduction[If you want to see another example for {oldetection} in a Jupyter notebook, click here.]

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: https://github.com/blaklaybul/examples/tree/8cff86bce1a05d8bcf1239aab8033490b7c76f2d/Machine%20Learning/Outlier%20Detection/Introduction[If you want to see another example of {oldetection} in a Jupyter notebook, click here.]
```
